Kickstart details email (#92)
srobo/team-emails: SR2022/2021-11-10-kickstart-details.md

---
to: Student Robotics 2022 registered teams
subject: Kickstart Details
---

> Hi teams

Reviewer: This may be the worst nit I've ever done... I'm sorry.

```suggestion
Hi teams,
```

Only a couple of days left until Saturday’s Kickstart event, so here are some more details on what to expect and what we need from you.

> ## Kits

Reviewer: Suggestion: If the kit section is moved underneath "Kickstart", then the "Kickstart" heading can be removed entirely, and the email may flow a little more nicely?

That said, the downside is that the mention of kit is lower in the email, when in fact it's very important

> If you don’t already have a kit, we will have contacted you regarding the delivery arrangements. We need you to sign a kit disclaimer form asap to ensure that the kit can arrive shortly after Kickstart.

Reviewer: We should make the wording about not having a disclaimer form stronger.

```suggestion
If you don’t already have a kit, we will have contacted you regarding the delivery arrangements. These forms must be signed and returned to us as soon as possible to ensure your kit is received soon.

If you've already signed a disclaimer form - thank you! We will send details of the shipment shortly and you should have your kit early next week.
```

> If you have a kit from a previous year, we will soon be sending you instructions on how to update the software and check that everything is present and correct. You may also need to upgrade your kit software after you recieve it, we'll keep you posted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have a kit from a previous year, we will soon be sending you instructions on how to update the software and check that everything is present and correct. You will also need to upgrade your kit software to the latest version, and details will be available on how to do that shortly after kickstart.
```

## Kickstart

> As you already know, [Kickstart](https://studentrobotics.org/events/sr2022/kickstart/) is at 1pm uk time this Saturday 13th November. The livestream will last for approximately an hour and we will explain this year’s game, the competition structure, and give an overview of the kit.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
As you already know, [Kickstart](https://studentrobotics.org/events/sr2022/kickstart/) is at 1pm UK time this Saturday 13th November. The livestream will last for approximately an hour and we will explain this year’s game, the competition structure, and give an overview of the kit.
```
(though I'd be tempted to say "GMT" rather than "UK time")

Reviewer: Historically we've used "UK time" intentionally, as it doesn't need changing on / around DST boundaries, and is a bit less jargon for the majority of our teams to remember what timezone they're in.

> As we are not running a Kickstart in a centralised location, we have prepared an activity as a kick-off session for your team to learn their robotics kit. We'll be sending it out to you immediately after Kickstart, but we can also optionally provide virtual/physical support. If you’re interested, please [sign up here](https://forms.gle/ojysPbkfcpKCtW8z6).

Reviewer: Suggestion: Assuming it's the case, we should mention here that the kit isn't required for these "kick-off activities" (microgames).

Reviewer 3: The kit is required, step 1 is upgrade the kit, step 2 is plug it together

> If you're more confident, or if we're unable to offer you individual mentoring, we will still be hosting a virtual tech day later in November where volunteers will be available to answer any questions you may have.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're more confident, or if we're unable to offer you individual mentoring, we will still be hosting a virtual tech day later this year where volunteers will be available to answer any questions you may have about the kit, rules and competition structure.
```
